{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8840\viewh7980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
philippe_v_(1683-1746)_roi_despagne
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bourgogne_louis_de_france_(1682-1712)_duc_de
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
berry_charles_de_bourbon_(1686-1714)_duc_de\
ncite=de Beauvilliers Saint-Aignan, Paul-Hippolyte (1684-1776), duc de\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
noailles_anne-jules_(1650-1708)_duc_de
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
noailles_adrien-maurice_de_(1678-1766)_duc_de
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ncite=Colbert de Seignelay, Marie Jean-Baptiste (1683-1712)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
la_baume_louis-honore_raibaud_de_(_sed_1698-1712_av)\
ncite=de Quintin, Mr de (fl.1701)\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Chiverni, marquis de\
ncite=de Brichanteau, Louis Armand (1682-1742)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
saumery_jean-baptiste_de_johanne_de_la_carre_de_(1692-1728) 
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ncite=de Villiers, Gabriel Claude (1654-1728)\
ncite=de Conflans, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
antoine_ii_de_mesmes_(1640-1709)_comte_d\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 de Seguiran, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=de Bartillac, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=de Peruze, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=de la Vrilli\'e8re, Louis Ph\'e9lypeaux (1672-1725)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
razilly_gabriel_(1648-1712)_marquis_de\
ncite=Vassan, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Cando, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=de Brisay de Denonville, Jacques-Ren\'e9 (1637-1710)\
ncite=de Brisay de Denonville, Pierre-Ren\'e9 (1675-1749)\
ncite=de Champignolle, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Degas, Laurent (1670-1748)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
noblet_m\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Le F\'e9vre, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Brancas, Louis de (1672-1750)\
ncite=Lass\'e9, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
heudicourt_michel_sublet_(-1718)_marquis_de\
ncite=bullion_charles-denis_de_(1651-1721)_marquis_de\
ncite=S\'e9gur, Mr de (fl. 1701)\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ncite=Lignerac, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Allonville de Louville, Charles Auguste d\'92 (1664-1731)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
granges_m_des\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Monviel, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Lavardin, Charles Henri de Beaumanoir (1644-1701), marquis de\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
tesse_rene_iii_de_froulay_(1648-1725)_marechal_de\
ncite=hercule_de_rieux_(1645-1721)_marquis_de\
ncite=lambert_de_thorigny_claude-jean_(1653-1703)\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Leemput Espagnol, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dangeau_philippe_de_courcillon_(1638-1720)_marquis_de\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Rohan-Chabot, Louis (1652-1727), duc de\
ncite=Croissy, Louis Fran\'e7ois Henri Colbert (1677-1747), chevalier de\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
beringhen_jacques-louis_de_(1651-1723)_marquis_de\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Gu\'e9n\'e9gaud, Henry (1647-1722)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
nonan_marquis_de\
ncite=livry_louis_i_sanguin_(1648-1723)_marquis_de \
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Thiard, Jacques de (1648-1744)\
ncite=Comminge, Chevalier de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
rancine_jean-nicolas_(1662-1704)\
ncite=guise_elisabeth-marguerite_dorleans_(1646-1696)_mme_de\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Michelet, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Ricoeur, Mr (fl. 1701) - p\'e8re\
ncite=Ricoeur, Mr (fl. 1701) - fils\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
conti_fran\'e7ois-louis_de_bourbon_(1664-1709)_prince_de\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Le Gendre, Mr (fl. 1701) \
ncite=Daubenton, Guillaume (1648-1723)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
gambais_fran\'e7ois-louis_de_nyert_(1647-1719)_marquis_de\
ncite=estrees_jean_ii_(1624-1707)_marechal_d\
ncite=Bouin de Noir\'e9, Louis (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Beufvier, S\'e9raphin (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
verac_olivier_de_saint-georges_(-1704)_marquis_de\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Coth\'e9reau, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Maison Dieu, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
colombier_charles-rene_varin_seigneur_du\
ncite=razes_jean_de\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Maquenon, Marie (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
la_bornat_antoine_girard_de_(1656-1702)\
ncite=louis_xiv_(1638-1715)_roi_de_france\
ncite=frotier_de_la_coste-messeliere_charles\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Reveau, Jean (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
charlemagne_(742-814)_roi_de_france\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Regnier, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Cassin, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Berthus, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Dangibeaud, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Gascq, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Renaudet, Joseph (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
du_plessis_de_geste_guillaume_v_de_la_brunetiere_(1630-1702) \
ncite=begon_michel_(1638-1710)\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Velasco y Tovar, Jos\'e9 Fernandez de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
pfalz-neuburg_marie-anne_von_(1667-1740)\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Rousselet, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
la_touche_m_de\
ncite=matignon_charles-auguste_goyon_(1647-1729)_comte_de\
ncite=nogent_diane-charlotte_de_caumont-lauzun_(1632-17220)_comtesse_de\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Caumont de Lauzun, Antonin Nompar de (1633-1723)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
turgot_de_saint-clair_dominique-barnabe_de_(1667-1727)\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Justin, p\'e8re (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Prorilhac, p\'e8re (fl. 1701)\
ncite=\'c9rard de Belle-Isle, Jean (1637-1704)\
ncite=Palais, Mr du (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Du Quesne, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Saint Mars, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Perinet, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Lorraine, Charles de (1648-1708)\
ncite=Dein, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=s
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ourdis_rene-charles_descoubleau_(-1701)_marquis_de\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Lavergnac, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Mercier, Luc (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Saussoy, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
du_repaire_m\
ncite=la_bourdonnaye_de_coetion_yves-marie_de_(1653-1726)\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Lombard, J (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Riggio, Andreas (1660-1717), \'e9v\'eaque\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
tallard_(camille_dhostun_de_la_baume_duc_de_)\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Hostun, Fran\'e7ois d\'92 (?-1704), marquis de\
ncite=Roche, Etienne de la (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Moreau, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Du Chesne, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Harsan, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Bachelier, Gabriel (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Chened\'e9, Ren\'e9-Joachim du (?-1739)\
ncite=Cl\'e9rembault de Vendeuil, Jean-Fran\'e7ois (?-1703)\
ncite=Montesson, Jean-Baptiste (1646-1731), comte de\
ncite=Vacheres, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Malherbe, Mr de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Marchandons, Sieur (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sage_m\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Issan, Mr de Senaut (fl. 1701), baron d\'92\
ncite=Porterie, Mr de la (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Soudiraud, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
arche_henri_d\
ncite=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Borromeo, St. Charles (1538-1584), cardinal\
ncite=Daly, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Velasco y Tovar, Bernardino Fernandez de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Boutilier, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Martin, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Jean, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Cal, Mr (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Ch\'e2teauneuf, Pierre-Hyacinthe de Gaufreteau (1669-?), seigneur de\
ncite=Le Vasseur, Nicolas (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Boissy, H\'e9liot de (?-1707)\
ncite=Boissy, Mme de (fl. 1701)\
ncite=Vigny, Mr de\
ncite=Gourgues, Jacques-Joseph (1649-1724)\
ncite=Latresne, Jean-Baptiste (?-1703), comte de\
ncite=Cantelmi, Jacques (1645-1702)\
ncite=Cantelmi, Joseph\
\
\
lieu=566\
lieu=chastellerault\
lieu=2436\
lieu=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2454\
lieu=2440\
lieu=257855\
lieu=chenay\
lieu=Melle\
lieu=2161\
lieu=225031\
lieu=Ecoyeux\
lieu=2163\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 lieu=224950\
lieu=2185\
lieu=2160\
lieu=2290\
lieu=2159\
lieu=2427\
lieu=2122\
lieu=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Fort de M\'e9doc\
lieu=794\
lieu=974\
lieu=2124\
lieu=\'cele Pat\'e9\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 lieu=2127\
lieu=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
224977\
lieu=
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Bec d\'92Amb\'e8s\
lieu=Lormont\
lieu=2148\
lieu=2130\
lieu=2129\
lieu=2131\
lieu=Preignac\
lieu=2173\
lieu=Roquefort\
lieu=Pitec\
\
ocite=\
\
atexte=\
\
corp=
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
employe_a_la_fourriere_du_duc_d_orleans\
corp=cent-suisses\
corp=prevote\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ncote=archers
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
corp=huissier_de_la_chambre_du_roi\
corp=premier_valet_de_chambre_du_roi\
corp=garde-robe_du_roi\
corp=premier_valet_de_chambre_du_roi\
corp=bouche_du_roi\
corp=gobelet_du_roi\
corp=chambre_du_roi\
corp=cordeliers\
corp=corps_des_mousquetaires\
corp=college_des_jesuites_de_poitiers\
corp=chapitre_de_la_collegiale_saint-hilaire-le-grand_de_poitiers\
corp=universite_de_poitiers\
corp=corps_de_ville_de_poitiers\
corp=jesuites_de_poitiers\
corp=carmes_(ordre)\
corp=milice\
corp=benedictins_ordre\
corp=marechaussee\
corp=chanoines_reguliers\
corp=eveque_de_saintes\
corp=recollets\
corp=marine_royale_(flotte)\
corp=jurat_de_bordeaux\
corp=petite_ecurie\
corp=parlement_de_bordeaux\
corp=cour_des_aides_de_bordeaux\
corp=cours_des_monnaies\
corp=chapitres_collegiaux\
corp=chapitre_de_la_cathedrale_saint-andre_de_bordeaux\
corp=carmelites\
corp=tresorier_de_france_bordeaux\
corp=ambassadeur\
\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
mot-cle=messe\
mot-cle=cloche\
mot-cle=tambour\
mot-cle=trompette\
mot-cle=violon\
mot-cle=haubois\
mot-cle=motet\
mot-cle=harangue\
mot-cle=chasse\
mot-cle=bal\
mot-cle=comedie\
mot-cle=matines\
mot-cle=b\'e9n\'e9diction\
mot-cle=entr\'e9e princi\'e8re\
mot-cle=voyage princier\
mot-cle=bal\
mot-cle=jeu\
mot-cle=collation\
mot-cle=com\'e9die italienne\
mot-cle=chasse}